[Applause]
the Jonas was cute back when he was in
the Jonas Brothers and now he looks like
a ferret
uh sure seems like he'll stop in the
dead-ass middle of sex because he got
chilly he makes music for obnoxious
white bridal parties that drunkenly walk
into a Denny's and ruin everyone
speaking I would have said Waffle House
but watching Alice Cooper and all I can
think of is that he looks like a ball
sack with face paint on that's fair the
Lumineers are the musical equivalent to
a triple venti half-caf caramel
macchiato them and this common is the
Pottery Barn of wrappers like honestly
saying blink 182 is your favorite band
is like saying I'm okay living with
herpes use anti frizz shampoo on my
pubes and now my penis looks like Steve
Aoki Waterfalls by TLC has to be the
worst song about waterfalls ever that's
just some like natural earth you
don't understand
Fall Out Boy is the comic sans ms of
music they're both entirely over humans
zendaya is skinny AF damn looking like
I'd rather be homeless and watch two
cats bang in an alley then to go to a
Ludacris concert Adam Levine is if a
flaccid penis could kind of sing bro
this is riddled with mistakes Niall
Horan is ugly good night everyone the
bottle tips look like
I had three baby lol meghan trainor
looks like that girl my parents would
force me to listen to if i were white if
you're a guy and you're listening to the
pêche mod reached into your vagina and
pull your balls back down I left more
talent in my toilet this morning than
Green Day has ever had Green Day sucks
I'm glad that you're thinking about us
while you're taking dumps we're doing
something right well think about you
while we're second congratulations on
making it to the end of the YouTube
video why not celebrate by clicking the
subscribe button you earned it